The Buddha Kachamuni, in the teaching we read, read the God of Hope within his students,
telling his, carrying his own arms forward.
He is not acting like I am a big teacher, I am the big Buddha, and if someone is holding
carry his own doors, they get it. Let me teach you the simple number of his lives.
And so that's reflected on the mind, on the spiritual life, is the personal point of the
train of the body. Even though we have this spiritual army, the spiritual opportunity,
but secondly, is it impersonal? This impersonal is an idea of knowledge,
always not just the Buddhist, the only the Buddhist, but everyone. As I say, whether you believe or
not
believe, we are all in a rollercoaster of the impersonal.
This is the spiritual life of the impersonal, and it is supreme.
During the teaching, Buddha Kachamuni said, in his seat, among all the conceptions,
the recollectoring mind of impermanence is supreme.
Impermanence, three impermanence, subtle impermanence, and gross impermanence.
We are never going to see that subtle impermanence is so subtle.
So, gross impermanence, we are looking. What is the teaching of impermanence?
Representing impermanence should hold this universal, is impermanence.
Thinking of all the power of being,
representing impermanence, taking all power of being for the past.
Reflecting impermanence is thinking of all the double world in the past.
And the reflector impermanence of the variety of it, variety of the different, all different
reasons.
And then the reflector impermanence is thinking of ourself, each of ourself.
So, those, many races, where reflector kind of begin to see, detecting out of that impermanence.
And the first is the collective of the whole, this universal.
That is without, for example, this recorded Buddha teaching,
this world, where we are now, is not here, always is not always here.
According to teaching, this little love plays like many, many eons ever.
For example, the origin of this world, according to Buddhism,
it has the process of this universal circle of the universe, it has any eons.
20 eons to build up this world, and a 20 eons to function as it is,
and a 20 eons to decline of this universe of this world, and a 20 eons to complete
space state, it is a universe where we allow a cold and Buddhism in the future, one time,
in where we completely become spit, there is nothing existing.
The whole circle will take 20 eons, also 80 eons.
A cold and Buddhism, that is not the end of the universe.
The whole 20 eons, again, this world is formed from another universe.
So that is how the Buddha would take it, and then also within all the time, I have seen the
spring, summer, all the winter, and all that fantastic.
Because nothing is really lost.
Similarly, all the beings, all the things, all the ones, even the names of the people
can be frightened, but they are all gone.
And all the noble ones, too.
The relatives, highly relative babies, such as the strength, which is a bullet that I made.
Anything, according to Christianity, takes a crisis.
So far, so specific, so significant, they can change fire into the water, water into the fire,
and they can break that into life, life, all that they can do.
But yet, those are all the stories.
[BLANK_AUDIO]